When my godfather comes over, I'll see how you die
It's all your fault that you don't have the ability to come and die
Don't be afraid of dying
You're dying and you're still bragging
Dad, I shouldn't have told you to save him
How did I hurt you now? Don't say that
Love is not an outsider
His business is my Shen family's business
Zhao Gang Master, can we talk about it?
How would you like to talk about it?
Let them go, mother and son, you make a price
Are you making an offer to me?
Yes I am a businessperson
I believe that every business in the world can be negotiated
Okay, then give me your rural group.
I'll keep you safe
You are talking too much, aren't you?
This Longshan Group has a market value of hundreds of billions.
If you don't agree
When God comes, go back to your family
It's not something I promise or not
Longshan Group belongs to the entire Shen family
I only account for 51% of the absolute valley line
I want your 51% absolute valley
Hahahaha, you can.
You let go of mother and son first
You think I'm stupid
Sign the agreement first and then replace it.
Okay, let's prepare the agreement first
Dad, can't you agree?